Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Number doesn't give us the accuracy of the analysis. But percentage can.
This is because percentage is a more generalized way to analyze data.
We can calculate their common followers percentage, and then make the decision.










2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

Vice President Mike Pence and WhiteHouse Official.
Although Hillary and Donald are rivals, they both have the same interest, that is to make a greater government. 
Thus they both follow Vice President and WhiteHouse.














3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Because this is a political plot for Donald Trump. He really like to make announcements through twitter.
But he's very careful about choosing someone to follow. He may think this may release some signals of something.
Due to this reason, he might hide some information. So our analysis may lose accuracy.











4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

Since we only need to extend the graph. Then we all we need to do is for each node on the graph, make a find friend call to 
gather the friends of that single node.
Basically , suppose the number of the nodes on the graph is N. Then we need to make (N-4)(4 is for 4 candidates that we have already calculated before) requests.
The time is floor((N-4)/15) * 15 + some very small number of time.
